
1) What is Java inheritance?
    inheritance is the ability of child/sub classes to inherit the parent class variables and methods.
    Sub class inherits from super class

2) How does inheritance work?
    you create a subclass by extending the superclass to itself.  Subclass now inherits those variables and
    methods defined in superclass and can build with its own unique variables and methods

3) What are some advantages that inheritance provides?
    Once you define the superclass that has the common attributes you can make as many subclass that will
    inherit these attributes and then refine to their specific attributes

4) What does the "super" keyword do?
    it executes the super class constructor or it is used to access members of the superclass that is hidden
    by subclasses

5) In what order are constructors called when there are multiple subclasses?
    in order of how they are coded or used

6) What does it mean when a method is overridden?
    when the subclass method and the super class has the same return type; the subclass will override the superclass
    method

7) How do overridden methods support polymorphism?
    overridden methods are determined at run time instead of compile time and will execute the correct
    overridden method based on the object being referred to

8) What is the difference between an overloaded method and an overridden method?
    an overloaded method is a polymorphism based on the arguments passed in
    overridden method is a polymorphism result based on the reference object being referred to

9) What is dynamic method dispatch?
    is it an example of method overriding that determines the correct method to calculate the area based on the
    object it is referring to

10) What does the "final" keyword do?
    prevents overriding ; makes a member final and cannot be changed; usually name of member is in all caps

11) Are classes in Java are a subclass of what super class?
    Object
    Java is object oriented programming

